It started as a normal day for Chris Gonzalez. He woke up and ate eggo waffles for breakfast. He listened to Lil Uzi Vert as he drove to school. First period was normal. Second period was normal. Then in the middle of third period, he went to go take a piss. That's when things stopped being normal. As he walked in the bathroom, Chris immediately noticed how the middle urinal had been replaced by a gaping hole, big enough for a person to go through. A very bored Chris looked into the hole, and quickly realized it was a tunnel, with no end in sight. Chris crawled through the tunnel then what he saw shocked him...
In the middle of this tunnel that was once a urinal, was a shrine that could only be created by a 17 year old boy. The shrine was in honor of the great and reverent Channing Tatum. Chaning Tatum circa Battle in Seattle. It was beautiful and brought tears to Chris's eyes. Chris hasn't cried like that since the last time he visited the bathroom.
Everything was perfected: the crisp hairs of Channing Tatum's beard on the magnificent cardboard cutout that stood at six feet one inch, the thong that Tatum himself wore in Magic Mike, even a glass mold of his glorious face. Chris passed out on the spot in disbelief. Never in his life had he the honor of seeing such a temple. He woke up to the Janitor maliciously shaking his limp body. "Wha-what where am I?" said Chris. "You're in the school bathroom after hours, I'm gunna have to write you a citation. Nobody enters my bathroom after 3 am on a Saturday Night," said the Janitor. "Janitor! Janitor! You didnt see it though you didnt see Mr. Tatum in all his glory," Chris exclaimed with a disoriented voice. The Janitor then seemed to get nervous. "What the hell are you talking about son. I dont wanna see you in here ever again. You gotta pee? Go take a leak outside! This is my bathroom and there will be no lolligagging here PERIOD." The custodial man grabbed Chris by the ear and led him outside of the bathroom. But as he did it, a ticket fell out of his pocket. No way it can't be, Chris thought. He got a quick glimpse at it before the Janitor pushed him out. It read "The Lego Movie 2: The Second Part." Any human being ever knows this was Channing's most recent movie. "You did it didnt you Janitor! You made the shrine," Chris asked. The Janitor replied "No kid, God made this shrine. Long before you or I was even born." With that, Chris realized that he would never be able to step into the bathroom again and for good reasons. He would never be holy enough to visit this Tatum Temple, but it will exist in his memory forever. 
